Update doc for 4.6.14 and 3.3.41 (#2553)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/update_and_migration/from_3.3/update_from_3.3.md

Fastly users are not affected.

=== "Varnish on [[= product_name_cloud =]]"

    Update the Varnish configuration.

    Generate new configuration with the following command:

    ```bash
    composer ibexa:setup --platformsh
    ```

    Review the changes, merge with your custom settings if needed, and commit them to Git before deployment.

=== "Varnish 6"

    Update your Varnish VCL file to align it with the [`vendor/ezsystems/ezplatform-http-cache/docs/varnish/vcl/varnish5.vcl`](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-http-cache/blob/2.3/docs/varnish/vcl/varnish5.vcl) file.

=== "Varnish 7"

    Update your Varnish VCL file to align it with the [`vendor/ezsystems/ezplatform-http-cache/docs/varnish/vcl/varnish7.vcl`](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-http-cache/blob/2.3/docs/varnish/vcl/varnish7.vcl) file.
    ```

If you're not using a reverse proxy like Varnish or Fastly, adjust the compressed Content Type in the webserver configuration.
For more information. see the [updated Apache and nginx template configuration](https://github.com/ibexa/post-install/pull/86/files).

> For more information about the vulnerability, see the security advisory[TODO: insert link].

Reviewer: Could "BREACH" acronym been also explain? It's not the word "breach" with caps lock, it's https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BREACH

Reviewer 2: "Browser Reconnaissance & Exfiltration via Adaptive Compression of Hypertext", yes. Can also link to https://www.breachattack.com/ if you like.

Reviewer 3: If we add the first sentence, there is no need for this last one.

##### Outdated version of jQuery in ibexa/ezcommerce-shop package

> There are no code changes to execute.

Reviewer 2: Is this a safe wording? There are code changes, but no commands to execute. Suggestion: 
```suggestion
There are no commands needed to execute.
```

For more information, see the security advisory[TODO: insert link].

#### Other changes

> ##### Remove duplicated entries in `ezcontentobject_attribute` table

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
##### Remove duplicated entries in `ezcontentobject_attribute` table

```

> This release comes with a command to clean up the duplicated entries in the `ezcontentobject_attribute` table, caused by the issue described in [IBX-8562](https://issues.ibexa.co/browse/IBX-8562).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This release comes with a command to clean up duplicated entries in the `ezcontentobject_attribute` table, which were created due to an issue described in [IBX-8562](https://issues.ibexa.co/browse/IBX-8562).
```

> If you're affected you can remove the duplicated entries by running the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you're affected, remove the duplicated entries by running the following command:
```
Is this action optional? Why would anyone want to not run that command?

Author: To do this right you need a proper backup, possibly a staging environent to test the Command first, you should also think about the batch size etc.

It's not a quick command you can run in a minute, it deletes data from a production database - so care is needed.
If it's possible to avoid that it's better to do so, instead of running it "just in case"

``` bash
php bin/console ibexa:content:remove-duplicate-fields
```

!!! caution

    Remember about [**proper database backup**](backup.md) before running the command in the production environment.

You can customize the behavior of the command with the following options:

- `--batch-size` or `-b` - number of attributes affected per iteration. Default value = 10000.

> - `--max-iterations` or `-i` - max. iterations count (default or -1: unlimited). Default value = -1.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `--max-iterations` or `-i` - maximum iterations count. Default value = -1 (unlimited).
```
If the default is -1, why was it "default or -1"?

Author: There are two ways to say "unlimited":
1) Provide -1 as the value of the option
2) Skip the option and use the default value
But I like your suggestion

> - `batch-size` or `b` - number of attributes affected per iteration. Default value = 10000.
> - `max-iterations` or `i` - max. iterations count (default or -1: unlimited). Default value = -1.
> - `sleep` or `s` - wait time between iterations, in milliseconds. Default value = 0.

Reviewer: I would keep the hyphens
```suggestion
- `--batch-size` or `-b` - number of attributes affected per iteration. Default value = 10000.
- `--max-iterations` or `-i` - max. iterations count (default or -1: unlimited). Default value = -1.
- `--sleep` or `-s` - wait time between iterations, in milliseconds. Default value = 0.
```

The [BREACH](https://www.breachattack.com/) attack is a security vulnerability against HTTPS when using HTTP compression.

If you're using Varnish, update the VCL configuration to stop compressing both the [[= product_name =]]'s REST API and JSON responses from your backend.
Fastly users are not affected.

=== "Varnish on [[= product_name_cloud =]]"

    Update the Varnish configuration.

    Generate new configuration with the following command:

    ```bash
    composer ibexa:setup --platformsh
    ```

    Review the changes, merge with your custom settings if needed, and commit them to Git before deployment.

=== "Varnish 6"

    Update your Varnish VCL file to align it with the [`vendor/ezsystems/ezplatform-http-cache/docs/varnish/vcl/varnish5.vcl`](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-http-cache/blob/2.3/docs/varnish/vcl/varnish5.vcl) file.

=== "Varnish 7"

    Update your Varnish VCL file to align it with the [`vendor/ezsystems/ezplatform-http-cache/docs/varnish/vcl/varnish7.vcl`](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-http-cache/blob/2.3/docs/varnish/vcl/varnish7.vcl) file.
    ```

> If you're not using a reverse proxy like Varnish or Fastly, adjust the compressed Content Type in the web server configuration.

Reviewer: If it's the header, maybe we could show it as simily-code?
```suggestion
If you're not using a reverse proxy like Varnish or Fastly, adjust the compressed `Content-Type` in the web server configuration.
```
